README.md, before:

## Pio UART RX for the RP2040

A pio program that implements the UART protocol, for reception only, for the RP2040. It is compatible with the [SDK](https://raspberrypi.github.io/pico-sdk-doxygen/) and [Arduino](https://github.com/earlephilhower/arduino-pico).

How to use it:

- With SDK. Add *uart_rx.pio, uart_rx.h and uart_rx.c* to your project. Modify CMakeLists.txt. Add *pico_generate_pio_header* and the required libraries (pico_stdlib, hardware_irq, hardware_pio, hardware_clocks). See [CMakeLists.txt](sdk/CMakeLists.txt)
- With Arduino. Add *uart_rx.pio.h, uart_rx.h and uart_rx.c* to your project  
- If needed, change the state machine irq with UART_RX_IRQ_NUM. Valid values 0 to 3. Only change if conflicts with other state machines irqs.

Functions:  

**uint uart_rx_init(PIO pio, uint pin, uint baudrate, uint irq)**  

Parameters:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**pio** - load the capture program at pio0 or pio1  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**pin** - set receiver pin  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**baudrate** - set the baudrate  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**irq** - select the pio irq. Valid values for pio0: PIO0_IRQ_0, PIO0_IRQ_1 and for pio1: PIO1_IRQ_0, PIO1_IRQ_1. Useful if other states machines are also using irqs.

Returns:
&nbsp;&nbsp;State machine used  
\
**void uart_rx_set_handler(uart_rx_handler_t handler)**  

Parameters:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**handler** - function to handle bytes reception  
\
Handler functions:  
\
**void uart_rx_handler(uint8_t data)**  

Parameters received:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**data** - byte received

Commit message:

Add remove function and pull up

README.md, after:

## UART RX library for RP2040 using PIO

A library that implements the UART receiver protocol for the RP2040 using PIO. It is compatible with the [SDK](https://raspberrypi.github.io/pico-sdk-doxygen/) and [Arduino](https://github.com/earlephilhower/arduino-pico).

How to use it:

- With SDK. Add *uart_rx.pio, uart_rx.h and uart_rx.c* to your project. Modify CMakeLists.txt. Add *pico_generate_pio_header* and the required libraries (pico_stdlib, hardware_irq, hardware_pio, hardware_clocks). See [CMakeLists.txt](sdk/CMakeLists.txt)
- With Arduino. Add *uart_rx.pio.h, uart_rx.h and uart_rx.c* to your project  
- Change UART_RX_IRQ_NUM if conflicts with other state machines irqs. Valid values 0 to 3.  


Functions:  

**uint uart_rx_init(PIO pio, uint pin, uint baudrate, uint irq)**  

Parameters:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**pio** - load the capture program at pio0 or pio1  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**pin** - set receiver pin  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**baudrate** - set the baudrate  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**irq** - select the pio irq. Valid values for pio0: PIO0_IRQ_0, PIO0_IRQ_1 and for pio1: PIO1_IRQ_0, PIO1_IRQ_1. Useful if other states machines are also using irqs.

Returns:
&nbsp;&nbsp;State machine used  
\
**void uart_rx_set_handler(uart_rx_handler_t handler)**  

Parameters:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**handler** - function to handle bytes reception  
\
**void uart_rx_remove()**  

Reset handler and removes pio program from memory.  
\
Handler functions:  
\
**void uart_rx_handler(uint8_t data)**  

Parameters received:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;**data** - byte received
